SDK 2.0 - getting started guides (#1487)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/iota-sdk/2.0/docs/welcome.md

programming pattern, so the Python binding uses named constructor arguments.

## Your Application In the IOTA Network

Your application communicates directly with the IOTA SDK in Rust or through one of the language bindings. The IOTA SDK
turns your requests into REST API calls and sends them to a node. The node, in turn, interacts with the rest of an
IOTA network, which could be the
[main operational network (mainnet)](/build/networks-endpoints#shimmer)
or
a [network for testing purposes (testnet)](/build/networks-endpoints#public-testnet).

!["An overview of the IOTA SDK layers."](/img/layered_overview.png 'An overview of the IOTA SDK layers.')

## Secure Secret Management

You can use [Stronghold](/stronghold.rs/welcome) for secure secret management. Stronghold
can store the encrypted seed at rest. It is not possible to extract the seed from Stronghold for security purposes.
Stronghold uses encrypted snapshots that can easily be backed up and securely shared between devices. These snapshots
are further secured with a password.

## Join the Discussion

> If you want to get involved in discussions about this library, or you're looking for support, go to the `#libraries`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to get involved in discussions about this library, or you're looking for support, go to the `#iota-sdk`
```
